You sleep in this room
I have to sleep with you.
You dream
See for yourself.
If you want to die or be ruined
I'm going to sleep in that room
You can share a room with me
But don't touch me. Don't worry.
I'm not interested in you.
Ah!
How can I see such an excellent man?
Do you feel inferior from the bottom of your heart?
Inferiority complex
I have no inferiority complex in my life
Oh, right.
I asked you to help me think before
What about the meeting with the Emperor?
I contacted every God of War, he's been a little busy lately
Said he would call me back later
Okay, you have to help me hurry up and urge it.
In case someone bad wants to hurt me
I never got a chance to meet the Emperor
Hey, that guy is alright
Then tie a woman's heart away
Do you want help?